Add mmseqs2 taxonomy (#343)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

## Introduction

> nf-core/funcscan is a pipeline for efficient and parallelised screening of long nucleotide sequences such as contigs for antimicrobial peptide genes, antimicrobial resistance genes, and biosynthetic gene clusters. It further identifies their taxonomic orgin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/funcscan is a pipeline for efficient and parallelised screening of long nucleotide sequences such as contigs for antimicrobial peptide genes, antimicrobial resistance genes, and biosynthetic gene clusters. It can additionally identify the taxonomic origin of the sequences.
```

This will launch the pipeline with the `docker` configuration profile. See below for more information about profiles.

> To run any of the three screening workflows (AMP, ARG, and/or BGC) or taxonomic classification (currently done with [MMseqs2](https://github.com/soedinglab/MMseqs2)), switch them on by adding the respective flag(s) to the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run any of the three screening workflows (AMP, ARG, and/or BGC) or taxonomic classification, switch them on by adding the respective flag(s) to the command:
```

- `--run_amp_screening`
- `--run_arg_screening`
- `--run_bgc_screening`
- `--run_taxonomic_classification`

> When switched on, all tools of the given workflow will be run by default. If you don't need specific tools, you can explicitly skip them. For the taxonomic classification, MMseqs2 is currently the only tool implemented in the pipline.

Reviewer: Might be nice to have a couple of sentences in a `databases` section (if it exists? I can't remember), about the two ways of suppling MMSeqs databases (if I understand how it works correctly)

Author: see below...

> ⚠️ We highly recommend performing quality control on input contigs before running the pipeline. You may not receive results for some tools if none of the contigs in a FASTA file reach certain thresholds. Check parameter documentation for relevant minimum contig parameters.

## Notes on screening tools and taxonomic classification

The implementation of some tools in the pipeline may have some particular behaviours that you should be aware of before you run the pipeline.

### MMseqs2

MMseqs2 is currently the only taxonomic classification tool used in the pipeline to assign a taxonomic lineage to the input contigs. The database used to assign the taxonomic lineage can either be:

- a custom based database created by the user using `mmseqs createdb` externally and beforehand. If this flag is assigned, this database takes precedence over the default database in ` mmseqs_databases_id`.

> ```
> taxa_classification_mmseqs_databases_localpath 'path/to/mmsesqs_custom_database/dir'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    --taxa_classification_mmseqs_databases_localpath 'path/to/mmsesqs_custom_database/dir'
    ```
```

> - an MMseqs2 ready database. These databases were compiled by the developers of MMseqs2 and can be called using their labels. All available options can be found [here](https://github.com/soedinglab/MMseqs2/wiki#downloading-databases). Only use those databases that have taxonomy files available (i.e., Taxonomy == Yes). By default mmseqs2 in the pipeline uses 'Kalamari' and runs an aminoacid based alignment.

Reviewer: Maybe provide a link to a description of what is in 'kalamari'? if there is one...

```suggestion
- an MMseqs2 ready database. These databases were compiled by the developers of MMseqs2 and can be called using their labels. All available options can be found [here](https://github.com/soedinglab/MMseqs2/wiki#downloading-databases). Only use those databases that have taxonomy files available (i.e., Taxonomy == Yes). By default mmseqs2 in the pipeline uses '[Kalamari](URL TO GO HERE)' and runs an aminoacid based alignment.
```

> ```
> taxa_classification_mmseqs_databases_id 'Kalamari'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    taxa_classification_mmseqs_databases_id 'Kalamari'
    ```
```
